[DOCU-2522] decK: order of precedence for Gateway vs Konnect modes (#4498)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/deck/guides/konnect.md

## Troubleshoot

{% if_version gte:1.14.x %}
### Authentication with a {{site.konnect_short_name}} password or token file is not working

If you have verified that your password or token is correct but decK can't connect to your account, check for conflicts with the decK config file (`$HOME/.deck.yaml`) and the {{site.konnect_short_name}} password or token file.

> There is likely a decK config file conflicting with the password or token file and passing another set of credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decK config file is likely conflicting with the password or token file and passing another set of credentials.
```

[Manage application registration](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/enable-app-reg) through the Service Hub to avoid any issues.

{% if_version gte:1.15 %}

> ### decK keeps targeting {{site.base_gateway}} instead of {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### decK targets {{site.base_gateway}} instead of {{site.konnect_short_name}}
```
Probably just a personal preference

decK can run against {{site.base_gateway}} or {{site.konnect_short_name}}.
By default, it targets {{site.base_gateway}}, unless a setting tells decK to point to {{site.konnect_short_name}} instead.

> Make sure that one of the {{site.konnect_short_name}} options is present.

Reviewer: Should there be a list of options here? I wasn't sure what the options were.

Author: Ah, that would be referring to the precedence list. I can remove the sentence if it makes more sense without it.

> decK determines which environment to run against in the following order of precedence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following order of precedence determines which environment decK runs against:
```
Optional suggestion

Author: Doesn't get quite the right message across. I'll adjust.
